Consider a national highway H, which goes in a straight line and has twoway traffic. Further, vehicles can enter or leave the highway through the various side roads joining it.
The location of a vehicle on the highway at any given instant of time is given by a unique real number in the range (−∞, ∞). Further, the current time curr takes increasing, positive real values starting from initial value of 0. All vehicles on the highway travel at the uniform speed of 1 unit distance per 1 unit time. Each vehicle has a unique registration number, which we take to be a nonnegative integer value for the purposes of this assignment. You have to implement a data structure, which maintains the state of the highway in a suitable format, and answers queries about its traffic flow. Your data structure should support the following operations:
1. int insert(int r, float x, float t, int d):
Assume t > curr.At (future) time t (t > 0), a new vehicle with registration number r (r > 0) enters the highway from a side road at location x. Further, the vehicle is traveling in direction d, where d takes only values 0 and 1. If d is 1, the vehicle is traveling from left to right on the highway, and if d is 0, the vehicle is traveling from right to left on the highway.

After this operation, we set the current time, curr, to t and return 1.
If a car with registration number r was already on the highway, insert is
unsuccessful and we return 0.
2. int delete(int r, float t):Assume t > curr.The vehicle with registration number r, currently on the highway, leaves the highway at (future) time t through a side road.Set current time, curr, to t, after this operation and return 1.If there was no car with registration number r on the highway, delete is unsuccessful and we return 0.
3. int find immediate left(int r, int t):Consider the state of the highway at future time t, assuming that no car enters or leaves the highway between current time curr and future time t. Return the registration number of the car to the immediate left of car with registration r at time t.
4. int find immediate right(int r, int t):
Symmetric to above, with left replaced by right.
5. int count left(int r, int t):Consider the state of the highway at future time t, assuming that no car enters or leaves the highway between current time and future time t.Return the number of cars with x-coordinate strictly less than the xcoordinate of car with registration number r in this state, counting cars traveling in both directions. In other words, we return the total number
of cars to the left of car r at time t.
6. int count right(int r, int t):Same as above, except left is replaced by right.
7. int number of crossings(int r, int t): Assume t is greater than current time, and no car enters or leaves the highway between current time and future time t.Return the total number of cars which (i) are traveling in the opposite direction to the car with registration number r, and (ii) cross the car with registration number r between current time and future time t.

INPUT FORMAT:
To run a command for n (=5) functions, the following format is followed: 
NUMBER OF COMMANDS -> 5
                      1 3 1.2 2.5 7
                      2 3 2.5
                      3 2 4
                      4 2 4
                      5 2 4
The above runs five function calls (as specified by the first rowo).All the next rows describe the function calls. Each of the next rows has the following format:  {Function_Id}, {Input_Parameter_1}, {Input_Parameter_2},.., {Input_Parameter_n}  
 
Function_Id or the function index refers to the index/ order of the functions specified in the Programming Assignment. 
 
For instance, the first row in the above image specifies that we need to execute 5 function commands. The second row specifies that: the First function needs to beexecuted(as‘1’is the first element of this row) i.e. int insert(int r, float x, float t,int d);3,1.2,2.5,7,represent the input parameter values corresponding to r, x, t, and d as specified in the function call. 
 
 SAMPLE INPUT:
 15
 1 8 8 0 1
 2 8 1
 1 1 4 1 0
 1 3 5 2 0
 1 4 1 3 1
 1 5 5 4 0
 1 6 4 4 1
 1 7 6 5 0
 1 2 1 5 1
 3 4 5
 4 5 5
 5 4 5
 6 4 5
 7 2 5
 7 2 7
 Following are the respective function outputs for function 3-7:
 3
 6
 3
 3
 0
 2
 
